3.5.0 release notes (#47)
hazelcast/cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

:url-cloud-cli-announcement: https://hazelcast.com/blog/announcing-hazelcast-cloud-cli/
:url-cloud-sdk-announcement: https://hazelcast.com/blog/announcing-hazelcast-cloud-go-sdk/

== February 10, 2022 - v3.5.0

*New Features:*

> - Introducing a support for C\++ apps. Follow the code sample, connect your C\++ app to the cloud and use latest features of Hazelcast!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for C++ apps. Follow our xref:cpp-client.adoc[tutorial] to connect your C++ app to the cloud, and use the latest features of Hazelcast!
```

> - Introducing a new compact design for the page with your clusters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new compact design for the cluster page. 
```
